hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be filming a productive summer vlog so
this video is actually very excitingly
in collaboration with one of my favorite
study channels and channels in general
which is Rihanna so Rihanna's videos are
quite similar to my own
so she post studying videos and
lifestyle videos and really her videos
helped keep me so motivated so if you're
ever in need of motivation I definitely
recommend you going and having a look at
her channel her video and her channel
will be linked down below so do you make
sure to go and check out her video
it's just massively advertising but I
think it's gonna taste really good
say I've got cinnamon and flax seed
porridge with almond milk and then we've
added in some chopped peach some almond
butter and some blackberry jam and I'm
reading the gifts at the moment which
actually the further I get the less I
enjoy it but I loved maybe up until here
look there's a nice reference to kind of
Green Gables
[Music]
it rains earlier but now it's blue skies
as you can see but you can see that the
clouds have only just passed so now it
looks like it's gonna be a completely
clear day which is annoying because I
was anticipating cloud that does not
matter because it's still cool it's cool
it's cold and that's exactly what we
want
given the hot weather that we've had
recently I'm just gonna sit outside on
this bench and read some more of the
gada love gift so here I was just
writing my to-do list of course because
I do this every morning
[Music]
and then I did of course have some
YouTube admin too quick you saw it out
so then next I decided to write a letter
to my cousin Ellen
[Music]
and then I wrote another letter this
time to my friend Ruby
[Music]
so then I decided to sort through my bag
of soft toys
[Music]
these are the toys that I'm gonna get
rid of this one still smells of
strawberries and I actually took
pictures of these two because these are
my favorite toys when I was five
and I hope he thing is still quite a few
[Applause]
if you can see you know they are really
nice to decorate your room Christmas and
then these ones are just my favorite
ones when I was definitely fun fact I
actually collect jelly cats rabbits it's
a good thing to collect I know this is
one of them and I've got a few more on
my bed and then I've got more in hair as
well just because when I was younger I
really loved ruff so I've got hiccups I
really loved rabbits and so I started
getting these pretty much for every
birthday I decided that I wanted to
start collecting them so I used to have
them all on my bed I'm keeping all of my
jelly cat rabbits because I really like
them
next I decided to do some Spanish
Quizlet and I was just listening to the
peaceful piano Spotify playlist accent
[Music]
and then here I was just adding some
ideas to my University packing list so
I've just packed for camping my
Hermitage that is and it's all just that
I just need to choose the books that I'm
going to read so another thing that I
would like to do is research some games
that we could do whilst we're glamping
so I can make a list of these and then I
can make sure that we bring the things
that we need to bring and that we
actually around to doing it so I just
finished editing and now it's 12:30 so
I'm just going to read some of my book
and I actually think I'm gonna try and
just finish it now because I've been
reading it for a while and I might just
sit down and just solidly read it
[Music]
so mum and I just got back from the vet
because Lola was staying that overnight
because she had an infection and we just
like to go and collect her and I had to
go to just the cause we needed someone
to sit in the back with Lola when mum
was driving so that she didn't fly all
over the place and also so I could carry
her into the car because my mum's got a
back problem which means that she can't
pick up heavy things so now I'm back
home and I've got about 30 pages left of
my book so I'm gonna read that and then
we're going to bake a pie
ready to make some apple pie
[Music]
so I am doing some baking at the moment
and I've put the apple pie in and I've
also made some mini pumpkin pasties
because we had some spare pastry and
additionally some bird shaped cookies
and now whilst I'm waiting for that to
cook because I had to open up a can of
pumpkin and we're going away in a few
days and it goes off in three days so
I'm making a banana not banana milkshake
a pumpkin milkshake which I've never
tried before and I'm just kind of making
up the recipe as I go along
and Haven and it turns out all right as
you know I love pumpkin if pumpkin is my
favorite food so I'm actually in
September going to film a video of
pumpkin recipes because I have so many
pumpkin recipes that I'd love to share
with you
finished apple pie and I got a little
Canadian flag in the middle as you can
see because Canada is the country I most
want to visit and then these are the
other ones which definitely failed so
these biscuits these bird biscuits I
left these in for too long but the
pumpkin pasties came out okay this top
bit is actually cinnamon it's not burnt
if I cut off this bit here then I should
be able to eat it okay so I'm just about
to go and do a little bit of exercise
because I have an exercise so far today
okay say one thing ice I called this a
home gym in one of my videos
technically it's a rumor room cuz when
I've seen this in videos I always got
lots of questions about what I mean when
I say before home gym basically my mum
does massage so this is basically where
she has clients come here is the massage
bed so is technically the aroma room as
it says on the front but I call it a gym
because I keep all of my gymnastic stuff
in here it's technically not a home gym
but I call it a home gym so just to
explain that and it's really nice and I
love this room so much so I just started
off by doing some stretches for my
splits and then next I did 50 sit-ups
and I also use the weight tuna hoop for
about five to ten minutes so then I was
just practicing some gymnastic skills
like front walkovers and front limbers
and things
[Music]
okay so I'm all done and oh my gosh as I
was trying to do a roundoff I propped up
my phone quite precariously because I'm
forming a wife in a moment I put my
favorite quite precariously on the
window ledge and then when I land my
phone just fell off and because I did
think the video in slow motion it looks
very amusing so I'll show it to you now
oh my gosh I was terrified that I broke
and then I think I would have done if I
hadn't got this case I'm really sorry
for how abruptly I'm ending this vlog I
completely forgot to end it in the
evening I ended up watching a movie with
my family and then just reading and I
didn't end up vlogging it so I am really
sorry about that but I just wanted to
kind of enjoy it in the moment I still
hope that you enjoyed this productive
day vlog it ends up being a really
lovely day so thank you for watching and
have a productive week